I don't want to buy a squat rack and as
you can see I don't really have the
space for one but I don't feel
comfortable doing these kinds of
um squat entrances with heavier weights
than this so I'm gonna need a different
solution I'm not really focused on
lifting my numbers in my squat so I
realized I don't actually need a squat
rack so I got this olly Roo barbell
landmine attachment you're going to need
a wrench to tighten this down because
there's a ring in there to lock it in
place but I only have my fingers so this
is going to have to do for now oh it's
snug
load her up then all you do is lift it
up
put it on your shoulder
and here we go
landmine Squat and there's millions of
other exercises that you can do besides
leg exercises but that's mainly what I'm
going to use it for stay flexy